# Cycle 6

<pre>
For each stream:
<b>Goal Delivery:</b> what will you ship by the end of the cycle?
<b>Dependencies:</b> what do you need from other streams?
<b>Questions & Planning:</b> what are you thinking on for the future?
<b>OKR Tally:</b> what's overview status of KRs after last cycle?
</pre>

* [Mobile](#mobile)
* [Partnerships](#partnerships)
* [Decentralization](#decentralization)
* [Marketing](#marketing)
* [Product Ops](#product-ops)
* [Dev Experience](#dev-experience)
* [Community](#community)
* [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
* [BizOps](#bizops)
* [Meta / Misc](#meta--misc)
* [Public updates/asks for this cycle](#public-updatesasks-for-this-cycle)

## Mobile

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Ethr-DID Identity Creation (by default) (@pelle) (for Ethereal!)
- [ ] Working data backup (@simonas) (for Ethereal!)
- [ ] Analytics opt-out during onboarding (@gbugyis)
- [ ] Update app to support latest library spec (@aldigjko, @pelle)
- [ ] Investigate Onfido 'pending' state (@greg)
- [ ] Audit crashes on low connectivity (@greg @simonas)

**Dependencies**
- [ ] CircleCI work for Onfido SDK fix (infra / @cristobal)
- [ ] Update Nisaba & Caleuche to support DID-JWT (@infra)
- [ ] Testing help for backup & ethr-DID creation (@team)

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] FB <> uPort data import? (@jonny)
- [ ] ...

**OKR Tally**<br>
`7ğŸ™‚  5ğŸ˜  0ğŸ™`

## Partnerships

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] ... 
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**Dependencies**
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**OKR Tally**<br>
`#ğŸ™‚  #ğŸ˜  #ğŸ™`

## Decentralization

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Submit ERC for ethr-DID @oed
- [ ] Draft spec of data sharing between two DIDs @christian
- [ ] Submit PR for ERC780 @oed
- [ ] Q: Conduct 3-5 user tests with v0.2.0, document feedback @sena
- [ ] Q: Kickoff v0.3.0 with Philosophie @sena
- [ ] Q: Engage designer for stickers @sena
- [ ] Q: Build JWT storage functionality (Messaging Chasqui, Backup Caleuche)

**Dependencies**
- [ ] Provide feedback to the ethr-DID ERC (Decentralization/Team)
- [ ] Guide on How to Issue Attestations, on- and off-chain (DevX)
- [ ] Write article on how ethr-DID and ERC780 would work together (DevX/Mktg)

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] What happens when you send 2 messages to the same Chasqui?

**OKR Tally**<br>
`#ğŸ™‚  #ğŸ˜  #ğŸ™`

## Marketing

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Begin revamp Website to include everything from noob info to in depth technical (content, visuals, etc)
- [ ] Documenting marketing activities, exploring new tools for tracking
- [ ] Ethereal

**Dependencies**
- [ ] Website design / branding

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] How much to rely on rebrand? Timeline? What to slow down to publish with new branding vs what to publish and make changes later?

**OKR Tally**<br>
`#ğŸ™‚  #ğŸ˜  #ğŸ™`

## Product Ops

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Roadmap (@bdresser)
- [ ] Finalized branding steps (@michaelsena @bdresser)
- [ ] Refreshed DNA for Brand Team (@michaelsena)
- [ ] Measure creation of app identities (@bdresser)
- [ ] Cross-DID data sharing problem statement (@bdresser)
- [ ] Standardized release note proposal (@eseoghene)

**Dependencies / Requests**
- [ ] Feedback on the [roadmap](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/156SwdKMKuC_MEDWi8SEqQHxOwBn1vfB5wcQkeACKJpQ/edit#gid=0)
- [ ] Fill out [team survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYtjV2KPGjzid-vZgWOm0bSsatx6SeJB_l4yh3O46rvjZPng/viewform)!
- [ ] Feedback on [refreshed DNA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bou2J3yLSSK6KlkRrPuXbC-bv514ib8N9nXVzU9ojy8/edit?ts=5ae0ff27)
- [ ] Feedback on release note proposal [needs link]

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] Can the streams repo be public plz? (@bdresser)
- [ ] ...

**OKR Tally**<br>
`2ğŸ™‚  4ğŸ˜  3ğŸ™`

## Dev Experience

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Update uPort-Connect to newest uPort-JS (for Ethr-DID support)
- [ ] Update demo app to work eith Ethr-DID
- [ ] Launch new docs! 
- [ ] Updates to content/correctness of docs

**Dependencies**
- [ ] Mobile: Support new callback spec in mobile (@aldi ?)
- [ ] Marketing/Community: messaging around Ethr-DID compatability 
- [ ] Team: feedback on [new docs](https://rekt.uport.space/)
- [ ] Team: feedback on [App Manager v2 doc](https://hackmd.io/AfmlLMSETFmEthYZaZvxow)

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] Plan for library refactor rollout / two sets of breaking changes, what comes when?

**OKR Tally**<br>
`1ğŸ™‚  4ğŸ˜  2ğŸ™`

## Community

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] ... 
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**Dependencies**
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**OKR Tally**<br>
`#ğŸ™‚  #ğŸ˜  #ğŸ™`

## Infrastructure

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] Multi-account on Unnu and Sensui 
- [ ] CircleCI for Onfido SDK (@cristobal)
- [ ] Update Nisaba to issue attestations for fuel
- [ ] Keep working on fuel token format for SDK
- [ ] Update Pututu & Caleuche to use DID-JWT

**Dependencies**
- [ ] Patience :) 

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] Q: Updates to Caleuche to handle stickers/p2p data not this cycle. (Maybe sooner if you can help!)

**OKR Tally**<br>
`4ğŸ™‚  8ğŸ˜  0ğŸ™`

## BizOps

**Goal Delivery**
- [ ] GDPR product updates spec'd and started 
- [ ] GDPR articles released (2; reviewed by legal) 
- [ ] External recruiter signed and started 
- [ ] Full plan for governance model work including expternal support 
- [ ] Projected budget + RAC contingent items settled with finance 
- [ ] Clear articulation of strategy + core outstanding questions + plan to settle

**Dependencies**
- [ ] ...
- [ ] ...

**Questions & Planning**
- [ ] Deprioritizing advisory board, OKR support for growth streams, and a few other non-critical biz-ops OKRs
- [ ] ...

**OKR Tally**<br>
`7ğŸ™‚  5ğŸ˜  8ğŸ™`

## Meta / Misc
* ?

## Public updates/asks for this cycle
* ?
